Yes, there has been oppression by the British government in the past, and overstepping the mark in places like Ireland, but yes, we are still a democracy where it is rare to be arrested without charge/trial etc.
Or so says Home Secretary Charles Clarke.
He's correct in most of what he says.
I care about this country very much.
That goes right back to Magna Carta, and ordinary people have spilled their blood to enforce that right against governments who thought they "knew best".
When you look at today's Britain, you realise George Orwell was only wrong about one thing: the date.
Will their children still go to school?
(apart from a number of prisoners in Belmarsh goal, for example).This country signs up to human rights, and then pretends that they only apply to the people with nothing to fear, the innocent people (defined by whom?).
We were threatened by the nuclear holocaust, the nuclear wind, the nuclear winter.
Wake up!
What is to stop false denunciations?
We, as a nation are in grave danger of being duped by pro US propaganda, which of course also means we'll inherit most, if not all of their total paranoia, and allow our governments, of any political persuasion incidentally, to gradually, and insidiously, impose a police state by well tried & tested back door methods.
A week after my first birthday, the threat had become reality.
On top of that, they claim to be following Islam in its true form!
Our own bombs and bullets will can only shatter peace, because invading foreign nations, imprisoning the innocent and 'hunting' in the 'shadows' cannot destroy an evil of the mind, and hatred within the heart.
It is no longer to our armed forces, as the Soviet threat in the Eastern bloc was.
He uses the same arguments that were current before the WWII, the Wars to "liberate" Iraq, Afghanistan with Syria and Iran to come.
Who can have faith in the honesty, integrity, and competence of our intelligence services and politicians in light of the events of recent years?
We built shelters that would have sheltered nothing.
It should be of great concern to everyone.
We are sleep-walking into this.
Why not try a foreign policy of compassion, it can only enhance our democracy, and share our freedom.
They have arrived at their own interpretations and assumptions with regards their actions.
Mr Forsyth has expressed exactly what my gut fears and reservations were about this proposed legislation, but could not verbalise.
It looks as if a new dark age is coming.
This is not victory; this is defeat before a shot is fired.
to his opinions.
These people will use devastating force against us without fear of ANY consequence.
For very little return and maximum alienation.
If we imprison people without trial for an indeterminate period, we are no better that those we are fighting.
But habeas corpus did not die; right of appeal was not abolished.
As somebody of Chinese origin, I can say that this country used to be a good place to migrate and start a new life.
We spent our treasure on weapons instead of hospitals.
The problem with this issue is not that it isn't important, but the fact that in general we Brits can be so politically apathetic some times, that we will just let this go without telling the government no.
This person is self-reflective and constantly tries to better her/his actions by being good to others.
I do not believe the government's plans are justified.
I believe what this government is doing, is, at the very least, highly questionable and at worst, sinister.
Like New Labour, he believed he was promoting the people's best interests.
Notwithstanding these and the attempted and nearly successful assassination attempts on Prime Minister Thatcher in Brighton and on later occupants of 10 Downing Street, there was no retaliatory blitz on Belfast or Dublin as there has been on Afghanistan and Iraq.
I am shocked at the ease with which this government is prepared to wipe out a major portion of the liberties that British people have enjoyed for centuries - the right not to be deprived of our liberty without a trial in open court.
Our security services, behave like the detective who having decided that a certain person is guilty, rakes over all kinds of obscure and flimsy evidence to try and prove it, while the real villain gets away.
The Cold War lasted 43 years, but we remained a parliamentary democracy.
In this overly 'politically correct' society, it is good to see someone like Mr. Forsyth speak out.
Lord Falconer insists that the proposals do not equate to a police state and strike a balance between protecting the public against the threat of terrorism and upholding civil liberties.
I'd say that that the likelihood of an attack by a sleeper cell of fundamentalist lunatics against a major UK target is a "When" not an "If" probability.
By introducing fascist type laws we loose the moral high ground in our fight against terror.
Civil rights were infringed as little as humanly possible.
Some fought it; some marched futilely against it.
There are extremely worrying parallels between Britain now and Germany during the 30's.
I accept that the intentions of these policies are to make Britain a safer place but I cannot think of a single example from history where doing this sort of thing has ever made any difference - in Northern Ireland internment certainly didn't achieve anything - the bombings didn't stop, and it could be argued that all it achieved was to just supply the IRA with yet more angry and resentful republicans willing to take up arms against the British.
We can have no moral justification for imposing our system of government on anyone while we are systematically depriving our own citizens of basic individual and collective freedoms.
Remember there were no WMD in Iraq.
Some pretended it was not there.
An interesting article - its good to see widening participation in the debate - but I suggest we move one step further.
During the IRA bombings there were massive explosions in Canary Wharf, to the right of where I write this, and also to the left in the City of London.
This puts it on a par with the government of Burma.
Totalitarianism always requires an outside threat, justifying a range of extraordinary powers leaders want.
We were at war.
I rarely find myself agreeing with My Forsyth, but in this instance I think he is correct.
Al Fatah, Black September, Red Brigades, but most of all for us the IRA and the INLA.
And that day, you'll be the one imprisoned without the chance of justice.
My background is somewhat similar to Freddie's so I am persuaded to agree with many of his sentiments.
But to meet the new threat, to defeat the sinister fanaticism of today's terrorists, we may need to do things a little differently.
Sadly comments such as his will make a lot of people believe that they are governed by people who are fast becoming tyrants instead of being genuinely committed to stopping tyranny, even if the method employed to do that is at the moment alien to the British people who have lived in a democracy protected by Tony Blair and others of like mind who, Mr. Forsyth seems to be putting along side the 'scruffy little Austrian.'
The IRA wanted to limit the death toll of their attacks so as to maintain support among the republican movement.
We have to be politically-correct and we are not allowed to have beliefs or opinions.
We have a Prime Minister who spends too much time meddling in US politics and affairs which have little to do with the lives of British Citizens at home or abroad.
Just because a person may have made some stupid and naive decisions in life does not make them a terrorist.
Thirty more years; 300 policemen and women, over 600 soldiers, more than 3,000 civilians dead, but we won because even IRA bombs could not force us to become a tyranny.
Mr Forsyth has forgotten one key point; the terrorists who threaten Britain today are well aware that Hitler, Stalin, and the IRA all failed.
The governments approach is totally against the spirit of British democracy.
It should be pointed out that a Muslim who adheres to the true fundamentals of the Qur'aan and the teachings of the last Prophet Muhammad is an Islamic Fundamentalist.
Add to this this new legislation which effectively means that the protection of the law will be removed from anyone at the whim of the Home Secretary, and I genuinely wonder what sort of world my two children will inherit.
Even when England was in true peril in 1940 apart from some detentions there were no wholesale derogation of habeas corpus and the like.
Who will support their families?
Ricin, for example, is a dangerous poison but it is not a weapon of mass destruction.
Behind the Iron Curtain, another genocidal psychopath, another threat.
By the early seventies it was terrorism as well.
The facts turned out to be very different.
These laws and the emphasis on the Islamic threat will just do the same.
But history has shown that if you have laws like that, they always get abused by those in power.
The citizen can be arrested and held without charge or trial, not even on the careful consideration of an experienced judge, but the whim of a political activist called a government minister.
I am reminded of a quote attributed to Thomas Jefferson.
But as Forsythe criticises this government, Hobbes has been criticised by most subsequent philosophers for arguing his way into the hands of the totalitarians.
Has he forgotten about shoot to kill, torture, internment without trial, collusion with loyalist death squads etc?
Frederic Forsythe's comments seem to me to be a well-thought-out analysis of why we (human society as a whole, and Britain in particular) should resist the temptation to over-protect through fear.
Forsyth is wrong.
There is a mortal danger aimed at the heart of Britain.
The government are faced with an incredibly difficult task, and have made a policy to deal with it.
I hope New Labour suffers the same treatment.
This government seeks to balance protection of our democracy with minimum loss of civil rights.
At what point will they feel they have enough control over every single person in the British Isles; when we are all tagged and monitored constantly?
I'll bet any money you like that the day after any such attack Freddie Forsyth will be saying that the government didn't do enough to protect the UK.
In the end, the very thing we seek to protect is what we are giving up in the name of safety from this invisible enemy.
The nature of the current threat is new.
If individuals are treated in the same distorted way, then we've done ourselves more damage than any terrorist organisation could with bombs.
The mortal threat back then was a scruffy little Austrian called Adolf Hitler.
An interesting view but missing two crucial facts of this new threat: 1) If these terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction they WILL use them without fear of Mutually Assured Destruction that kept the cold war in a state of tense balance.
What we really need is more honesty from our security services and our politicians.
Mr Forsyth seems to forget that killings in the Troubles occurred on both sides of the religious divide and was carried out by killers from both sides.
