Smoke-free areas will save lives and improve Scotland's health, First Minister Jack McConnell has insisted. Earlier, the Scottish Executive considered a range of options but agreed unanimously to introduce an all-out ban on smoking in public places. The health arguments far outweighed lingering public disquiet about a complete ban and claims by the licensed trade that jobs would be lost, he told MSPs. He said there would be an international marketing campaign whereby "tourists can enjoy smoke free environment and the sick man of Europe image becomes a thing of the past". "Health rates are lamentable because of a lack of exercise, drugs abuse, excessive drinking and over-eating. " The legislation will be introduced as part of the Health Service (Miscellaneous Provisions) Bill, which will be considered by parliament before Christmas. Main points of the plan: - A comprehensive ban on smoking in all enclosed public places in Scotland  - The legislation will be enforced by environmental health and local licensing officers  - Licensees or employers who fail to enforce the law will face fines up to a maximum of £2,500  - Licensees who persistently refuse to comply with the law will face the ultimate sanction of losing their liquor licence  - A system of issuing fixed penalty notices for those individuals who break the law will be examined  - Individuals who persistently break the law will face a maximum fine of £1,000. Mr McConnell claimed there was evidence that smoking bans had helped smokers to either give up quicker or smoke less. Mr McConnell added that there had been a near nine per cent rise in tax revenues from New York bars and restaurants and, in Ireland, only a one point three per cent volume sales fall, where they were declining before the ban. The afternoon announcement, following a cabinet meeting on Wednesday morning, won broad support from opposition parties. The Scottish National Party's Holyrood leader, Nicola Sturgeon, welcomed the move but added that the public should be consulted as the clock ticked towards the ban date. 