"It has been a fantastic few weeks," said 20-year-old politics student Nick Vaughan.
"Whoever is running our strategy from the top has got it bang on.
But as they gear up for the start of the campaign proper, the party at least has reason to hope that, like his Australian namesake, Mr Howard really isn't finished yet.
Howard's unfinished business  "He's not finished yet," whispered the Conservative Party person as your reporter attempted to slip quietly from the hall.
And indeed he wasn't.
Michael Howard had already broken away from the printed text of his speech, at his party's spring conference in Brighton, to deliver a smart rebuff to Peter Hain's description of him as an "attack mongrel", claiming such personal abuse meant Labour was "rattled" by the Tory challenge.
And here he was again, moving to the front of the stage as the party faithful rose to their feet in applause, to make a personal, ad-libbed appeal to them to go out and fight for victory.
"One day you will be able to tell your children and grandchildren as I will tell mine, 'I was there.
I did my bit.
I played my part.
I helped to win that famous election - the election that transformed our country for the better'."
The speech, which was peppered with references to Mr Howard's humble beginnings as the "child of immigrants", had been introduced by his son Nick, a trainee vicar, who praised his father's honesty.
Mr Howard was also joined on stage by his wife Sandra, daughter Larissa and stepson Sholto.
The audience's reaction to all of this was a little muted by party conference standards.
But Mr Howard's overall message - that the Tories have Labour on the run and that they can win the next election - did not sound quite as hollow as it might have done six months ago.
They have had Labour on the back foot over immigration, with Tony Blair hastily adding a sixth promise on the issue to his latest pledge card, and have even managed to score points in traditional Labour territory such as health and education.
