He told a London news conference that Veritas - Latin for "truth" - would avoid the old parties' "lies and spin".
Kilroy Silk has secured my vote, and many more like me.
Trouble is, any votes he collects may just end up helping New Labour into a third term.
Last summer, UKIP achieved a major advance, partly and only partly due to Kilroy-Silk.
UKIP's chairman Petrina Holdsworth has said the group will just be a parody of the party the men have left.
Someone so keen on complete control was bound to fall foul of UKIP's democratic nature.
UKIP has a wide platform of policies, not just withdrawal from the EU.
The closer to straight-down-the-middle the better, as far as I am concerned, but in any eventuality, the two sceptic parties will exhaust their energies fighting each other.
He said Veritas would also announce detailed policies on crime, tax, pensions, health and defence over the next few weeks.
I've always thought that Kilroy-Silk was a self-publicising, egotist and this news does absolutely nothing to alter my opinion.
This new party might gain support from right-wing England, but will have little impact in Wales or Scotland.
It is a great shame this has been dissipated in in-fighting.
England needs Europe to survive and as soon as people realise this the better, we can't rely on the USA forever!
This new party seems a logical next step for Kilroy.
Under the present electoral system, people must work together, and small parties have no hope of representation.
It needs courage and honesty, two qualities sadly lacking in our politicians.
Oh and send us over those hard-working immigrants - our economy needs them.
Whatever Kilroy-Silk and UKIP do, none of their anti-European policies have any relevance outside middle England.
Well if you cannot get enough limelight being an ordinary MP then go out and start up your own Party.
Robert Kilroy-Silk's ego and vanity are his own (and his supporters') worst enemy.
Robert Kilroy-Silk could have a lot to offer.
If Mr Kilroy-Silk lives up to half his promises he will get my vote.
In my opinion this is just a publicity stunt which has just been used as a smoke-screen for his anti-Islamism slurs which got him sacked from the television.
The very idea of political parties born out of such negative feelings as Euroscepticism or British Supremacy is nauseating.
The party asserts that Mr Hockney "has a moral obligation, if not a legal one" to stand down.
He is an extremely able communicator with years of political experience.
He was joined in the new venture by one of UKIP's two London Assembly members, Damien Hockney who is now Veritas' deputy leader.
He has no mandate to represent the area and should resign from the European Parliament.
The name will doom it.
I have a suspicion that he talks for a larger part of the electorate that his critics would like.
Interesting that a party committed to plain speaking should have a Latin name!
It's all well and good Robert Kilroy-Silk claiming, that 'Veritas' is a party that doesn't believe in "lies and spin", but the truth of the matter is, its completely useless, due to proportional representation, there is no chance that 'Veritas' will have any chance in claiming power, and change the two-horse race trend.
Let's hope Kilroy-Silk, UKIP and the euro-sceptic wing of the Tory Party all fade further into obscurity so we can have some truth in the debate about Europe.
In addition as an Ashfield constituent I would be more than interested in Kilroy -Silk opposing Geoff Hoon!!
Kilroy-Silk could be on the verge of something huge if he can broaden his appeal beyond this one issue.
Is this indicative of the man - contradictory, vain and pompous?
While he's a clown and a one man band at the moment, he's a populist and that's always dangerous.The man clearly has an enormous ego and looking at our current political masters, that seems to be one of the factors in success.
It is very sad to see the cause of Britain regaining its proper relationship with Europe damaged by this split within UKIP.
At last an impetus for increasing the likely 40% turn out for the election.
Brilliant, about time this country had a plausible party!
Recruit the right colleagues, Robert, and your time may have come!
Labour campaign spokesman Fraser Kemp said Veritas was joining "an already crowded field on the right of British politics".
I believe countless opportunities have been lost to discredit the EU and to show our people what belonging to the EU really means.
Instead we have a split party and a damaged cause.
What other politician can claim this.
As a euro-enthusiast I could not be more delighted by Kilroy-Silk's behaviour.
He was left in the position of having to defend their gaffes to the media.
As the main Eurosceptic party, UKIP should try to resolve its differences with Kilroy to show a united front and give the UK public a serious political voice against Europe.
The refreshing thing about Robert is that he is open, honest and straight.
This Kilroy-Silk conveniently ignores in the comments surrounding the launch of his own party.
I shall be leading a vigorous campaign for the causes I believe in.
As a result I feel our democracy is being abused and I want it stopped.
I shall be voting for him.
Kilroy is an able communicator and a capable politician, in exactly the way those who lead UKIP are not.
