He was joined in the new venture by one of UKIP's two London Assembly members, Damien Hockney who is now Veritas' deputy leader.
UKIP has a wide platform of policies, not just withdrawal from the EU.
It came after months of tension as he vied unsuccessfully for the leadership of that party.
Neither the English Democrats nor the New Party were interested in letting him join them and take over their leadership speaks volumes.
As the main Eurosceptic party, UKIP should try to resolve its differences with Kilroy to show a united front and give the UK public a serious political voice against Europe.
This Kilroy-Silk conveniently ignores in the comments surrounding the launch of his own party.
Veritas is the beginning of the end for Kilroy-Silk.
The party asserts that Mr Hockney "has a moral obligation, if not a legal one" to stand down.
It is very sad to see the cause of Britain regaining its proper relationship with Europe damaged by this split within UKIP.
Every opinion poll points to an overwhelming anti-Europe feeling in this country.
UKIP officials also argue Mr Kilroy-Silk has not been "straightforward" in attacking the party he once wanted to lead.
Mr Kilroy-Silk, who recently quit the UK Independence Party,said "our country" was being "stolen from us" by mass immigration.
"He has remarkable ability to influence people but, sadly, after the [European] election it became clear that he was more interested in the Robert Kilroy-Silk Party than the UK Independence Party so it was nice knowing him, now 'goodbye'," he said.
Mr Kilroy-Silk promised a "firm but fair" policy on immigration and said they hoped to contest most seats at the forthcoming general election.
"I will be standing at the next general election.
Robert Kilroy-Silk could have a lot to offer.
He told a London news conference that Veritas - Latin for "truth" - would avoid the old parties' "lies and spin".
He said Veritas would also announce detailed policies on crime, tax, pensions, health and defence over the next few weeks.
On Thursday he is due to announce which constituency he will run in at the next general election - that will come amid speculation he has his sights set on Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon's Ashfield seat.
UKIP's chairman Petrina Holdsworth has said the group will just be a parody of the party the men have left.
He said he was ashamed to be a member of a UKIP whose leadership had "gone AWOL" after the great opportunity offered by its third place at last June's European elections.
I shall be leading a vigorous campaign for the causes I believe in.
