Lib Dems unveil election slogan  The Liberal Democrats will present themselves as "the real alternative" in the forthcoming general election campaign, Charles Kennedy has said.#lib dems unveil election slogan liberal democrats present real alternative" forthcoming general election campaign, charles kennedy ha said.
Unveiling the slogan at the party's spring conference, he said there was no "glass ceiling" to its ambitions.#unveiling slogan party's spring conference, wa ceiling" ambitions.
He told delegates that Labour had abused the public's trust and that the Tories had failed to oppose them.#told delegate labour abused public's trust tories failed oppose them.
In response, the Conservatives insisted that theirs was the party that understood the "forgotten majority".#response, conservatives insisted wa party understood majority".
Speaking in Harrogate Mr Kennedy said: "People want a credible, principled political party which offers a different vision of what Britain can be."#speaking harrogate mr kennedy said: credible, principled political party offer vision britain be."
Only the Liberal Democrats stood against the Iraq war, he said, and they had also provided strong opposition to the government's plans on ID cards, anti-terror measures and taxation.#liberal democrats stood iraq war, said, provided strong opposition government's plan id cards, anti-terror measure taxation.
He said: "If you voted Conservative in 2001 ... what good did it do you?#said: voted conservative 2001 good you?
Your vote was wasted.#vote wa wasted.
"What people needed was ... a party which was listening to their concerns; a party which was prepared to stand up and say so; a party which said no to the prime minister."#people needed wa party wa listening concerns; party wa prepared stand so; party prime minister."
Responding to the claims Tory Party co-chairman Liam Fox said: "Like Labour, the Lib Dems are soft on crime, support higher taxes, oppose controlled immigration and support giving Europe more control over our lives."#responding claim tory party co-chairman liam fox said: labour, lib dems soft crime, support higher taxes, oppose controlled immigration support giving europe control lives."
Mr Kennedy also outlined his party's plan to impose a 50% income tax rate on earnings over £100,000 a year.#mr kennedy outlined party's plan impose 50% income tax rate earnings year.
The money would be used to help pay for key policies such as abolishing university tuition fees, scrapping council tax in favour of local income tax, and providing free care for the elderly, he said.#money pay key policy abolishing university tuition fees, scrapping council tax favour local income tax, providing free care elderly, said.
Labour and the Tories claim the sums do not add up, and that working families would be hardest hit.#labour tories claim sum add up, working family hardest hit.
Mr Kennedy said: "Britain is the fourth-largest economy in the world.#mr kennedy said: fourth-largest economy world.
We have world class businesses and a world class workforce.#world class business world class workforce.
"So why are two million of our pensioners living below the poverty line?"#million pensioner living poverty line?"
All the parties are campaigning hard for an expected election in May, although Prime Minister Tony Blair has not confirmed any timing.#party campaigning hard expected election may, prime minister tony blair ha confirmed timing.
Earlier, Mr Kennedy told Radio 4's Today programme there was no possibility of forming a coalition with Labour in the event of a hung Parliament.#earlier, mr kennedy told radio 4's today programme wa possibility forming coalition labour event hung parliament.
"We go into the election as an independent party and we come out as an independent party," he said.#election independent party independent party," said.
Mr Kennedy has been under fire in recent days for missing Monday's Commons vote on the government's controversial anti-terrorism laws, along with 16 other Lib Dem MPs.#mr kennedy ha fire recent day missing monday's commons vote government's controversial anti-terrorism laws, 16 lib dem mps.
On Saturday, the Lib Dem chief executive said it was "just a cock-up" that Mr Kennedy and his colleagues missed the vote, which the government won by a majority of only 14.#saturday, lib dem chief executive wa cock-up" mr kennedy colleague missed vote, government won majority 14.
"Nobody had any idea that was going to happen," Lord Rennard told reporters at the party conference.#idea wa happen," lord rennard told reporter party conference.
He said he was certain MPs would get another chance to vote against the plans.#wa mps chance vote plans.
