Yes, there has been oppression by the British government in the past, and overstepping the mark in places like Ireland, but yes, we are still a democracy where it is rare to be arrested without charge/trial etc.
Or so says Home Secretary Charles Clarke.
He's correct in most of what he says.
I care about this country very much.
That goes right back to Magna Carta, and ordinary people have spilled their blood to enforce that right against governments who thought they "knew best".
When you look at today's Britain, you realise George Orwell was only wrong about one thing: the date.
Will their children still go to school?
(apart from a number of prisoners in Belmarsh goal, for example).This country signs up to human rights, and then pretends that they only apply to the people with nothing to fear, the innocent people (defined by whom?).
We were threatened by the nuclear holocaust, the nuclear wind, the nuclear winter.
Wake up!
What is to stop false denunciations?
We, as a nation are in grave danger of being duped by pro US propaganda, which of course also means we'll inherit most, if not all of their total paranoia, and allow our governments, of any political persuasion incidentally, to gradually, and insidiously, impose a police state by well tried & tested back door methods.
A week after my first birthday, the threat had become reality.
On top of that, they claim to be following Islam in its true form!
Our own bombs and bullets will can only shatter peace, because invading foreign nations, imprisoning the innocent and 'hunting' in the 'shadows' cannot destroy an evil of the mind, and hatred within the heart.
It is no longer to our armed forces, as the Soviet threat in the Eastern bloc was.
He uses the same arguments that were current before the WWII, the Wars to "liberate" Iraq, Afghanistan with Syria and Iran to come.
Who can have faith in the honesty, integrity, and competence of our intelligence services and politicians in light of the events of recent years?
We built shelters that would have sheltered nothing.
It should be of great concern to everyone.
We are sleep-walking into this.
Why not try a foreign policy of compassion, it can only enhance our democracy, and share our freedom.
They have arrived at their own interpretations and assumptions with regards their actions.
Mr Forsyth has expressed exactly what my gut fears and reservations were about this proposed legislation, but could not verbalise.
It looks as if a new dark age is coming.
