How many people on the minimum wage have any hope of obtaining a mortgage or saving towards retirement?
An easy way for the government to do as it preaches would be to insist on floor pay levels for all government workers and take tens of thousand of civil servants out of the social security system all together.
The Liberal Democrats' economics spokesman Vincent Cable said he supported the move to raise the minimum wage.
Also I personally take great offence at the insinuation that people earning minimum wage were lazy at school if everyone went to university then who would serve you in the supermarkets and clean up after you?
Minimum wage increased to £5.05  The minimum wage will rise in October, benefiting more than 1m people, the government has announced.
80% of my costs are labour.
The national minimum wage is currently set at £4.85 per hour for those aged 22 and above, and at £4.10 for those aged 18 to 21.
Jobs have continued to increase since this humane legislation was brought in.
Conservative leader Michael Howard said he accepted the principle of the minimum wage and would not "seek to disturb" the increase.
How then will the government fudge the unemployment figures!
The timing cannot be coincidental.
My only complaint is the paltry figures being discussed.
"In my day" type arguments are a view that belong in the 'your day' - 20 years ago!
Our minimum wage is going to be effectively almost twice the US minimum wage, yet our economy per person is only 2/3rds of the US!
Wages are supposed to be a fair reflection of an employee's efforts.
It shows that this government cares for the low income earners as well.
Students who do odd jobs can increase their income and can help there family in their home country.
The raise is well above inflation and without significant increases in sales, it will mean that I will not be taking on a new member of staff as planned and I will be looking to reduce the total hours worked by the other members of staff, overtime being the first to go.
How dare people suggest we are lazy or complacent for accepting these jobs and these wages?
Any increase is certainly welcome news.
Thought not ... so then, don't expect others to either.
Here come the usual whines about how difficult it will be for businesses!
The increase in minimum wage will have a serious effect on my business.
So no one really wins in the end.
Think of us employers as well Mr Blair, we are not all big corporations earning millions.
I know about this great idea - don't bother getting qualifications, laze about at school, no need to do anything other than attend so your parents don't get fined because remember, when you do eventually start working, doesn't matter how lazy you are, you'll be guaranteed a decent wage.
This latest increase of 20p an hour will cause even more financial hardship.
I worked hard, went to college part time, got my A-levels and degree & bettered myself.
Mr Brown said: "We want to do nothing that can damage the employment opportunities for young people, particularly young people entering the labour market for the first time."
"We have therefore recommended only a slight increase above average earnings, and concentrated it in the second year to allow business more time to absorb the impact," said chairman Adair Turner.
By increasing overheads, for business, there will be an almost certain rise in costs to the consumer who while they openly welcome the idea of an increase in the minimum wage are the same people who still want to buy that shirt, or that pair of trainers for next to nothing.
With our manufacturing industry in serious decline the country cannot be entirely service industries without something tangible to serve.
I have to get the money from somewhere so pass it on to customers.
I work at a large Hospital where the contractors providing all ancillary services - domestic, catering & portering etc - pay the minimum wage of £4.85 as the basic rate.
Who do they think will be carrying out these public service jobs if contractors are allowed to pay as little as their consciences allow?
For too long wages were a point of exploitation - what could an employer get away with.
Increases above inflation are fine but all of my business is conducted with local authorities who will not accept above inflation rises in my service delivery.
Andrew in Derby complains that raising the minimum wage is 'blatant electioneering'.
I can't believe that so many of these comments are against the minimum wage!
The government says most of those on the minimum wage are women - with many working in cleaning, catering, shops and hairdressing.
According to the commission, many businesses had found the last two significant increases in the minimum wage "challenging".
But on the plus side I love my job and wouldn't change it just to get more pay.
The whole picture needs to be looked at.
This will only lead to a reduction in jobs.
I disagree with Ashley, Swindon saying I have to work harder to get more pay.
