A general election is the best chance most pressure groups get to make a real impact on government policy. If we've got one in five pensioners below the poverty line, we've got to make it more generous or have these people living in poverty. This will be sent to each of the candidates in the 659 constituencies. They will be asked which of the top five issues, including the pension issue, they would support. Once we've got their responses we will publish the results within the constituencies and nationally as well. We are trying to get across the fact that there are 11m voters over 60 in the country, they are more likely to vote than other sections of society and thirdly they are true swing voters.Pensions generally will certainly be a big election issue even though the government has postponed the publication of Adair Turner's full report into the issue. He said the UK had one of the least generous pensions systems in the developed world.That the government takes seriously the impact of aviation on the environment. Various local groups will do that in their particular areas and we will provide a national briefing. We have got the issue in the public consciousness to an extent, but it is difficult to say whether an election will raise its importance in the public mind or whether it will be pushed out by big issues like Iraq.We are challenging the use of the Parliament Act 1949 in a High Court action. Whichever way the court rules the other side will appeal so we expect it to fall plumb in electioneering time. When the ban comes into force on 18 February we will be going to the European Court because no compensation is being paid.It will fall plumb in the run up to the most important general election Tony Blair will ever face. He wanted the issue off the table until after the election. We will publicise the darker aspects of the target animal industry the UK. We would like the support of political parties but I think a general election is very much to do with pledges MPs make to their electors.I think what we will get is a very real climbing up the agenda.The issue that we think is the most important for this election is choice. It's become an issue in itself but what's really missing from the debate is the consumer's choice in that. We have seen so many pensions mis-selling scandals and in the pensions industry there's a maximum of choice but a minimum quality in that. We want choice on the consumer's terms - that means clear and accessible information to operate that choice. Thirdly through the media and also what we will be doing is holding a pre-election conference. The idea is that we open up communications between members of the public and the politicians. It's very much the language being used by the main political parties. Politicians on all sides are very sensitive to this issue they want to be seen to be responding to this issue. There will be a huge effect throughout the industry and I would not be surprised if you see widespread demonstrations. What it will mean is there will be a number of firms going out of business.We will continue to do what we have always done we keep the issue in the trade press. Regrettably it's one of those stories that it is getting harder to get into the national press. Whatever we do, the public don't like lorries - they see us as a complaining minority. But they don't realise that when you see a car on the road it is probably going to work, when you see a lorry it's already at work.