A general election is the best chance most pressure groups get to make a real impact on government policy. Here is how six leading lobbies plan to make sure their cause is being debated ahead of an expected Spring poll. 60 to the pensioner credit guarantee level of £105. If we've got one in five pensioners below the poverty line, we've got to make it more generous or have these people living in poverty. They will be asked which of the top five issues, including the pension issue, they would support. We are trying to get across the fact that there are 11m voters over 60 in the country, they are more likely to vote than other sections of society and thirdly they are true swing voters. But there is no guarantee they will vote for a Labour government this time around. Pensions generally will certainly be a big election issue even though the government has postponed the publication of Adair Turner's full report into the issue. He said the UK had one of the least generous pensions systems in the developed world. That the government takes seriously the impact of aviation on the environment. We have got the issue in the public consciousness to an extent, but it is difficult to say whether an election will raise its importance in the public mind or whether it will be pushed out by big issues like Iraq. We are challenging the use of the Parliament Act 1949 in a High Court action. Whichever way the court rules the other side will appeal so we expect it to fall plumb in electioneering time. When the ban comes into force on 18 February we will be going to the European Court because no compensation is being paid. (Rural affairs minister) Alun Michael has avoided us and cancelled engagements so that makes it difficult. Of course there is an element of shouting because people are angry but there is no violence because that does not achieve anything. It will fall plumb in the run up to the most important general election Tony Blair will ever face. People using live animals as targets for sport both here and abroad. The reason for including abroad is because of trophy hunting. We will widely publicise what's happening in relation to trophy hunting. We will publicise the darker aspects of the target animal industry the UK. We will seek to get pledges from individual MPs and would-be MPs saying that they are against the use of animals as targets for sports. We would like the support of political parties but I think a general election is very much to do with pledges MPs make to their electors. Everything we do will reduce animal suffering and in time that will lead to a ban. The language of consumerism is very commonplace in government and across the political spectrum. Choice as an ideology is beginning to be the privatisation of this decade. It's become an issue in itself but what's really missing from the debate is the consumer's choice in that. Choice is not choice at all if all you have to choose from is two failing schools. We have seen so many pensions mis-selling scandals and in the pensions industry there's a maximum of choice but a minimum quality in that. We want choice on the consumer's terms - that means clear and accessible information to operate that choice. We will invite the opinion formers, MPs, journalists and others. The idea is that we open up communications between members of the public and the politicians. Politicians on all sides are very sensitive to this issue they want to be seen to be responding to this issue. 