He wanted the issue off the table until after the election.
I think what we will get is a very real climbing up the agenda.
Secondly through our 700,000 members who communicate with us.
Choice as an ideology is beginning to be the privatisation of this decade.
Repealing the Hunting Bill.
In 1997 and 2001 they voted Labour.
There will be a huge effect throughout the industry and I would not be surprised if you see widespread demonstrations.
Everything we do will reduce animal suffering and in time that will lead to a ban.
Here is how six leading lobbies plan to make sure their cause is being debated ahead of an expected Spring poll.
We are trying to get across the fact that there are 11m voters over 60 in the country, they are more likely to vote than other sections of society and thirdly they are true swing voters.
We don't have any large demonstrations planned but they can't be ruled out.
If fuel duty does rise we will be absolutely horrified.
Politicians on all sides are very sensitive to this issue they want to be seen to be responding to this issue.
Whichever way the court rules the other side will appeal so we expect it to fall plumb in electioneering time.
Regrettably it's one of those stories that it is getting harder to get into the national press.
Various local groups will do that in their particular areas and we will provide a national briefing.
It's very much the language being used by the main political parties.
He said the UK had one of the least generous pensions systems in the developed world.
The language of consumerism is very commonplace in government and across the political spectrum.
Of course there is an element of shouting because people are angry but there is no violence because that does not achieve anything.
If you're running 10 vehicles it's obviously 10 times that.
Many pensioners are disadvantaged by the current system.
They will be asked which of the top five issues, including the pension issue, they would support.
The reason for including abroad is because of trophy hunting.
We will widely publicise what's happening in relation to trophy hunting.
We haven't worked out specific plans but I imagine we will lobby political parties and incumbent MPs.
But they don't realise that when you see a car on the road it is probably going to work, when you see a lorry it's already at work.
They cannot take that vote for granted.
Pensions generally will certainly be a big election issue even though the government has postponed the publication of Adair Turner's full report into the issue.
We want choice on the consumer's terms - that means clear and accessible information to operate that choice.
We will continue to do what we have always done we keep the issue in the trade press.
But it will mobilise public opinion.
