When Microsoft Senior Vice President Steve Ballmer first heard his company was planning to make a huge investment in an In- ternet service offering movie reviews and local entertainment information in major cities across the nation, he went to Chair- man Bill Gates with his concerns.
After all, Ballmer has billions of dollars of his own money in Microsoft stock, and entertainment isn’t exactly the company’s strong point.
But Gates dismissed such reservations. Microsoft’s compet- itive advantage, he responded, was its expertise in Bayesian networks.
Asked recently when computers would finally begin to under- stand human speech, Gates began discussing the critical role of “Bayesian” systems.
Ask any other software executive about anything Bayesian and you’re liable to get a blank stare.
Is Gates onto something? Is this alien-sounding technology Microsoft’s new secret weapon?
Bayesian networks are complex diagrams that organize the body of knowledge in any given area by mapping out cause-and- effect relationships among key variables and encoding them with numbers that represent the extent to which one variable is likely to affect another.
Programmed into computers, these systems can automatically generate optimal predictions or decisions even when key pieces of information are missing.
When Microsoft in 1993 hired Eric Horvitz, David Heckerman and Jack Breese, pioneers in the development of Bayesian sys- tems, colleagues in the field were surprised. The field was still an obscure, largely academic enterprise.
Today the field is still obscure. But scratch the surface of a range of new Microsoft products and you’re likely to find Bayesian networks embedded in the software. And Bayesian nets are being built into models that are used to predict oil and stock prices, control the space shuttle and diagnose disease. Artificial intelligence (AI) experts, who saw their field dis- credited in the early 1980s after promising a wave of “think- ing” computers that they ultimately couldn’t produce, believe widening acceptance of the Bayesian approach could herald a renaissance in the field.
Bayesian nets provide “an overarching graphical framework” that brings together diverse elements of AI and increases the range of its likely application to the real world, says Michael Jordon, professor of brain and cognitive science at the Mas- sachusetts Institute of Technology.
Microsoft is unquestionably the most aggressive in exploiting the new approach. The company offers a free Web service that helps customers diagnose printing problems with their comput- ers and recommends the quickest way to resolve them. Another Web service helps parents diagnose their children’s health prob- lems.
The latest version of Microsoft Office software uses the tech- nology to offer a user help based on past experience, how the mouse is being moved and what task is being done.
“If his actions show he is distracted, he is likely to need help,” Horvitz says. “If he’s been working on a chart, chances are he needs help formatting the chart”.
“Gates likes to talk about how computers are now deaf, dumb, blind and clueless. The Bayesian stuff helps deal with the clue- less part,” says Daniel T. Ling, director of Microsoft’s research division and a former IBM scientist.
Horvitz and his two Microsoft colleagues, who were then class- mates at Stanford University, began building Bayesian networks to help diagnose the condition of patients without turning to surgery.
The approach was efficient, says Horvitz, because you could combine historical data, which had been meticulously gath- ered, with the less precise but more intuitive knowledge of ex- perts on how things work to get the optimal answer given the information available at a given time.
Horvitz, who with two colleagues founded Knowledge Industries to develop tools for developing Bayesian systems, says he and the others left the company to join Microsoft in part because they wanted to see their theoretical work more broadly applied. Although the company did important work for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and on medical diag- nostics, Horvitz says, “It’s not like your grandmother will use it”.
Microsoft’s activities in the field are now helping to build a groundswell of support for Bayesian ideas.
People look up to Microsoft,” says Pearl, who wrote one of the key early texts on Bayesian networks in 1988 and has become an unofficial spokesman for the field. “They’ve given a boost to the whole area”.
Microsoft is working on techniques that will enable the Bayesian networks to “learn” or update themselves automat- ically based on new knowledge, a task that is currently cum- bersome.
The company is also working on using Bayesian techniques to improve upon popular AI approaches such as “data mining” and “collaborative filtering” that help draw out relevant pieces
of information from massive databases. The latter will be used by Microsoft in its new online entertainment service to help people identify the kind of restaurants or entertainment they are most likely to enjoy.
