Yes, there has been oppression by the British government in the past, and overstepping the mark in places like Ireland, but yes, we are still a democracy where it is rare to be arrested without charge/trial etc.
Or so says Home Secretary Charles Clarke.
He's correct in most of what he says.
I care about this country very much.
That goes right back to Magna Carta, and ordinary people have spilled their blood to enforce that right against governments who thought they "knew best".
When you look at today's Britain, you realise George Orwell was only wrong about one thing: the date.
Will their children still go to school?
(apart from a number of prisoners in Belmarsh goal, for example).This country signs up to human rights, and then pretends that they only apply to the people with nothing to fear, the innocent people (defined by whom?).
We were threatened by the nuclear holocaust, the nuclear wind, the nuclear winter.
Wake up!
What is to stop false denunciations?
We, as a nation are in grave danger of being duped by pro US propaganda, which of course also means we'll inherit most, if not all of their total paranoia, and allow our governments, of any political persuasion incidentally, to gradually, and insidiously, impose a police state by well tried & tested back door methods.
A week after my first birthday, the threat had become reality.
On top of that, they claim to be following Islam in its true form!
Our own bombs and bullets will can only shatter peace, because invading foreign nations, imprisoning the innocent and 'hunting' in the 'shadows' cannot destroy an evil of the mind, and hatred within the heart.
It is no longer to our armed forces, as the Soviet threat in the Eastern bloc was.
He uses the same arguments that were current before the WWII, the Wars to "liberate" Iraq, Afghanistan with Syria and Iran to come.
Who can have faith in the honesty, integrity, and competence of our intelligence services and politicians in light of the events of recent years?
We built shelters that would have sheltered nothing.
It should be of great concern to everyone.
We are sleep-walking into this.
Why not try a foreign policy of compassion, it can only enhance our democracy, and share our freedom.
They have arrived at their own interpretations and assumptions with regards their actions.
Mr Forsyth has expressed exactly what my gut fears and reservations were about this proposed legislation, but could not verbalise.
It looks as if a new dark age is coming.
This is not victory; this is defeat before a shot is fired.
to his opinions.
These people will use devastating force against us without fear of ANY consequence.
For very little return and maximum alienation.
If we imprison people without trial for an indeterminate period, we are no better that those we are fighting.
But habeas corpus did not die; right of appeal was not abolished.
As somebody of Chinese origin, I can say that this country used to be a good place to migrate and start a new life.
We spent our treasure on weapons instead of hospitals.
The problem with this issue is not that it isn't important, but the fact that in general we Brits can be so politically apathetic some times, that we will just let this go without telling the government no.
This person is self-reflective and constantly tries to better her/his actions by being good to others.
I do not believe the government's plans are justified.
I believe what this government is doing, is, at the very least, highly questionable and at worst, sinister.
Like New Labour, he believed he was promoting the people's best interests.
Notwithstanding these and the attempted and nearly successful assassination attempts on Prime Minister Thatcher in Brighton and on later occupants of 10 Downing Street, there was no retaliatory blitz on Belfast or Dublin as there has been on Afghanistan and Iraq.
I am shocked at the ease with which this government is prepared to wipe out a major portion of the liberties that British people have enjoyed for centuries - the right not to be deprived of our liberty without a trial in open court.
Our security services, behave like the detective who having decided that a certain person is guilty, rakes over all kinds of obscure and flimsy evidence to try and prove it, while the real villain gets away.
The Cold War lasted 43 years, but we remained a parliamentary democracy.
In this overly 'politically correct' society, it is good to see someone like Mr. Forsyth speak out.
Lord Falconer insists that the proposals do not equate to a police state and strike a balance between protecting the public against the threat of terrorism and upholding civil liberties.
I'd say that that the likelihood of an attack by a sleeper cell of fundamentalist lunatics against a major UK target is a "When" not an "If" probability.
By introducing fascist type laws we loose the moral high ground in our fight against terror.
Civil rights were infringed as little as humanly possible.
Some fought it; some marched futilely against it.
There are extremely worrying parallels between Britain now and Germany during the 30's.
I accept that the intentions of these policies are to make Britain a safer place but I cannot think of a single example from history where doing this sort of thing has ever made any difference - in Northern Ireland internment certainly didn't achieve anything - the bombings didn't stop, and it could be argued that all it achieved was to just supply the IRA with yet more angry and resentful republicans willing to take up arms against the British.
